docs: document optional scaleFactor param to nativeImage fns (#23671)
electron/electron: docs/api/native-image.md

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the image is empty.

#### `image.getSize([scaleFactor])`

* `scaleFactor` Double (optional) - Defaults to 1.0.

Returns [`Size`](structures/size.md).

> If `scaleFactor` is passed, this will return the aspect ratio corresponding to the image representation most closely matching the passed value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `scaleFactor` is passed, this will return the size corresponding to the image representation most closely matching the passed value.
```
